---
title: written by human, not by AI
date: 2024-02-23
tags: [ "posts" ]
templateEngineOverride: md
---

## What?

You may have noticed that under each blog post, there is a picture that says "written by human, not by AI".
The badge is by [Not By AI](https://notbyai.fyi/). Their mission is quite simple: keep content on the internet written
by humans.
Why? well it's probably easier to read their [full mission statement](https://notbyai.fyi/#not-by-ai-mission) on their
website.
Summarized: it's beneficial for everyone for the internet to be written by humans.
If an AI model consumes its own generated text as new learning data, the model will generate worse content.
It's better for AI models because they have more new content to use (even if that is morally questionable).
Humans get to read content by other people (as it should be).

In my opinion, AI generated writing doesn't have a place on the internet, at least without human rewriting and editing.
For now, this badge is a nice way to check how worthwile a website/article/tutorial is.

## qualification

The rule is that 90% of the content on your website has to be written/painted/produced by real people. Since I write
everything on this blog (and I don't use AI), I qualify to show the badge on each post.

## Can't webpages generated by AI use this badge?

Technically yes, but the process to show the badge in the right resolution, language and color takes a while to set up.
Generally speaking, people who host AI generated content don't like taking time to do things (as evidenced by them
hosting AI content).
